**MAP feedback**  
I think the MAP you created will map perfectly onto Dublin Core and you did a really great job defining the Users, Content, and Context for the collection. I think all of the fields you've selected contain information that the user will find valuable and, I appreciate that you've taken the time to exclude fields that are not necessary or helpful to the user.  However, I do think you need more directions on how to complete the fields you've selected to help users understand what they are being asked to complete and why. For example, there were several fields that were listed in the table but not required or defined (Format, Relation, Source, and Type, for example) to help the user determine why those fields are there or what they represent. I think the Title, Subject, Creator, Publisher, Date, and Identifier fields are pretty self-expanitory, but you may want to add a note about how to address multiple creators being listed (as is the case for the Middle Eastern Desserts book). You could add a screenshot of the copyright page to help indicate which lines on the page map to which fields in the MAP? I think more directions in general would be helpful, especially if users aren't familiar with what they're looking for when they're entering metadata into a MAP. If it helps, I try to pretend that I've just pulled a random person who has never taken a metadata/MLS class off the street and handed them the objects we're creating metadata for and the CSV for the collection metadata, and then write instructions on how to complete the MAP for that person. It may seem a little ridiculous, but I think that is a good way to make sure you've covered all of the "basics" in your instructions.
